s : A dictionary that has the snake heads as its keys and the tails as its values.

ladders : A dictionary that has the ladder bases as its keys and the tops as its values.

The play_game function should now return the name of the winning player. 

You should take care to NOT call get_num_players anywhere except in main 

We are also going to improve the pick_winner function which will now take the players dictionary and return the name of the winning player. If no player is the winner, it should return None.

Introduce a new function called turn_by_turn_gameplay that plays a manual 2-person game with each player manually completing each turn by action. In this function, re-use the functions that you have created before and make it so that each player has to enter roll as an input to roll the dice or quit to quit the game at any stage. There are no automated tests for this function so you should check its functionality manually. You can and should use the functions that you have already defined.

Surprises! 
We are going to introduce 'power tiles' to the game! 

At the beginning of the play_game function, call the function generate_surprises which returns a list of surprise tile locations. These should then be added to the dictionary game under the key surprise_tiles.

When a player lands on one of these tiles, a special dice with 3 sides is rolled by calling the function special_roll() and it returns a value from 0,1 or 2. The value determines what should happen as explained below: 

If the special roll is a 0, then the current player gets to roll once again (this means still the same player rolls normal dice again).

If the special roll is a 1, then the player after the current player loses a turn.

If the special roll is a 2, then all other players on the board move back 5 spaces. If moving back a player puts their position below 0, then place them back on 0 (No further updates due to step on the ladder base or snake head need to be considered).

The functions generate_surprises and special_roll have already been defined and imported into the game for you. Feel free to copy and paste the functions that you created from the previous task here. A scaffold has been provided for you.

You need to ensure that the turn_by_turn_gameplay function includes this new roll as well. Therefore, you should re-use some of these functions and create more functions if you need! 

Another point to note is that the snakes and ladders take priority over special roll. If the final position after climbing up a ladder/going down a snake is a special tile then you should special roll.
For example, if there is a ladder base at position 25 and it also happens to be a special tile, then you should move up the ladder instead of applying the special roll. 
Another scenario would be where the player lands on a ladder base at position 25 and climbs up to position 67, which happens to be a surprise tile. In this case, once the player has climbed up the ladder, they should then roll the special dice.